dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_NoteApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_NoteApp
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/NoteApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_add_edit_note_AddEditViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_add_edit_note_AddEditViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/di/AppModule_ProvideRoomDatabaseFactory.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.di.AppModule_ProvideRoomDatabaseFactory
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/Hilt_NoteApp.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.Hilt_NoteApp
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.Hilt_NoteApp$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/data/data_source/NoteDatabase_Impl.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDatabase_Impl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDatabase_Impl$1
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/notes/NotesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.notes.NotesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.notes.NotesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/data/data_source/NoteDao_Impl.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDao_Impl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDao_Impl$1
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDao_Impl$2
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDao_Impl$3
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDao_Impl$4
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDao_Impl$5
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.data.data_source.NoteDao_Impl$6
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_NoteApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_NoteApp_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_notes_NotesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_notes_NotesViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/add_edit_note/AddEditViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.add_edit_note.AddEditViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.add_edit_note.AddEditViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/di/AppModule_ProvideNoteUseCasesFactory.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.di.AppModule_ProvideNoteUseCasesFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/BuildConfig.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.BuildConfig
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/di/AppModule_ProvideNotesRepositoryFactory.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.di.AppModule_ProvideNotesRepositoryFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_di_AppModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_add_edit_note_AddEditViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_add_edit_note_AddEditViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_NoteApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_NoteApp
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_notes_NotesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_mousavi_noteappwithcompose_feature_note_presentation_notes_NotesViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/notes/NotesViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.notes.NotesViewModel_HiltModules
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.notes.NotesViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.notes.NotesViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/add_edit_note/AddEditViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.add_edit_note.AddEditViewModel_HiltModules
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.add_edit_note.AddEditViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.add_edit_note.AddEditViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/add_edit_note/AddEditViewModel_Factory.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.add_edit_note.AddEditViewModel_Factory
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/NoteApp_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_ComponentTreeDeps
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/notes/NotesViewModel_Factory.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.notes.NotesViewModel_Factory
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/NoteApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.NoteApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.DaggerNoteApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/mousavi/noteappwithcompose/feature_note/presentation/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.mousavi.noteappwithcompose.feature_note.presentation.Hilt_MainActivity$1
